I have two suggestions for trips in the summer time that are not too long; Gråfjell and Holmevassnatten (Holmevannsnatten - spelling is inconsistent in maps). You'll find both names on the three touring maps that are to be found on top of the cupboard in the living room.

Holmevassnatten is the mountain that is next to the lake. It's about 1200 meters, which makes for a good climb, but it's easily accessible and it takes about an hour to walk to the top from the base. A good roundtrip is walking around the lake (easiest on the east side) and then walking up the hills from the north side of the lake on to the mountain. Once up, walk southwards and then go directly down to the cabin. Going down is obviously quicker :-) Since the entire walk is just 2-3 hours (we used to walk it as a midnight moon walk when I was little) you can extend it once on the top, by going to Drotninggutua, just by continuing south on the paths that are on the top of the mountain. Drotninggutua is actually the mountain pass that are hovering above the parking lot, and on the north side of the pass there is a "varde" - a structure of stones placed on top of eachother to signify the top of the mountain. 

The other suggestion is going to Gråfjell, which is the tallest mountain in the region with its 1466 meters. A roundtrip takes about 3-4 hours. I would suggest following paths on the east side of the lake (you need to go north-easthwards, pass a small stream going to the smaller lake below and then continue a couple of hundred meters until you hit the main path) until you reach the huts on the north side of the lake. From there you should be able to find some smaller paths leading up the ridge on the north side of the mountains, coming up to Gråfjell. Once on its top you should have a pretty decent view :-) From there, I suggest going down to the south side of Dunkelivann (below), then Neverfantetjenn (the lake ten minutes south), and then down the small mountain pass on the west side of the lake. It opens up into a beautiful view and you should be able to find a direct route (not neccessarily foot paths, but the terrain is easy).